okay um I don't know if anybody has
created this video so I'm going to do it
for myself if you've heard of skin
editor it creates your minecraft skins
for you so everyone knows if you hit
ctrl P you'll get this little parts
picker I have created several of my own
I'm not going to point them out yet but
I've created several of my own and I
wasn't so sure if anybody has else has
knows how to create them so I'm just
going to create a maybe like a little
design i've already created this i'm not
going to save it it I've named it swirly
already so all right this I'm I'm i got
this program a couple days ago so i'm
not savvy about it yet but i will be in
the near future i know some of the basic
controls so all you really do is you
just mess with like pretty much any part
of the body you want so yes as you see i
can i not very good at it but i can i
can create some things if i have the
mind to UM or I have an idea I don't I
may create a zip file with all the parts
i have created but i don't know if that
would be appreciated so I don't care if
you comment or whatever saying now you
shouldn't do it I'll show off at the end
of this video I'll show off some of my
previous creations so see that's
basically for like the accessories
that's what you can do let's I'm just
going to
on a little swirly appear that it so
let's go all right right right there
should be good so there's there's the
basic thing let's lister on a little
swirl on the foot let's do a different
color let's put a weird looking thing on
the front of the body for fun as i said
i'm not entirely savvy about this
program i discovered it it's a really
neat program if you're like a if you're
a major skin edit if you want to majorly
edit your skin's i suggest this would be
the program to use i don't know i'll
just throw them like some color inside
the center thing well back to what i was
saying if it's one of the best programs
to edit your skin with its it's simple
it's got the outline for you so you're
not using fireworks or whatever you use
for gimp or whatever you use to edit
your skin makes it a lot easier like it
and specifically i'm just trying to
point out the parts picker but and as i
might as well talk about the program as
i'm doing this so
let's go sorry for the crying in the
background my little sisters came in my
little sister came into the room save as
colored so new yes so then let's let's
just pop up with some random skin off
I'll use the basic skin for this the the
basic minecraft skin oh and I just
learned this a couple days ago too if
you click on the character your he'll
stop in mid motion and then you could
get a better look at what you're trying
to draw I like to have it to where his
arms are sticking out and his head's
looking straight but I'm not ah that's
that's okay but I like to have his arm
sticking out like that so as I said the
parts picker and as I said the parts
picker I've created um about a mining
helmet I made some sleeping skins the
bees there for the blue team that like
people around him so we can see what
team he's on then if they don't really
pay attention to the stuff on it up I
scope and a comlink it was one of my
first creation so I wasn't so try to
mess around with it so let's find the
one we just made we just made the swirly
colored so scope so there's there's my
original one it doesn't look like the
other one but just it looks this one's
fine just for demonstration are colored
swirly let's throw that in there and
then there's the creation we just made
and it's automatically added there's
nothing messed up with the
the actual skin is just added if you
throw in like will do I had created some
gloves previously so let's see um oh
I'll just use my black gloves I have I
have a brown option of them and then see
now it just goes over it doesn't do
anything else just in that selected area
puts that in there and there's the parts
picker so that's how you create your own
um that's it